reports/README.md, before:

---
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# Exam template for 02476 Machine Learning Operations

This is the report template for the exam. Please only remove the text formatted as with three dashes in front and behind
like:

```--- question 1 fill here ---```

where you instead should add your answers. Any other changes may have unwanted consequences when your report is auto
generated in the end of the course. For questions where you are asked to include images, start by adding the image to
the `figures` subfolder (please only use `.png`, `.jpg` or `.jpeg`) and then add the following code in your answer:

```markdown
![my_image](figures/<image>.<extension>)
```

In addition to this markdown file, we also provide the `report.py` script that provides two utility functions:

Running:

```bash
python report.py html
```

will generate an `.html` page of your report. After deadline for answering this template, we will autoscrape
everything in this `reports` folder and then use this utility to generate an `.html` page that will be your serve
as your final handin.

Running

```bash
python report.py check
```

will check your answers in this template against the constrains listed for each question e.g. is your answer too
short, too long, have you included an image when asked to.

For both functions to work it is important that you do not rename anything. The script have two dependencies that can
be installed with `pip install click markdown`.

## Group information

### Question 1
> **Enter the group number you signed up on <learn.inside.dtu.dk>**
>
> Answer:

Group 29

### Question 2
> **Enter the study number for each member in the group**
>
> Example:
>
> *sXXXXXX, sXXXXXX, sXXXXXX*
>
> Answer:

s213470, s213804, s220425, s213558, s204476

### Question 3
> **What framework did you choose to work with and did it help you complete the project?**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *We used the third-party framework ... in our project. We used functionality ... and functionality ... from the*
> *package to do ... and ... in our project*.
>
> Answer:

We used PyTorch to create a bare-bones CNN model, and to import a pretrained ResNet50 model. We also used PyTorch for image processing, tensor manipulation and dataloading.

## Coding environment

> In the following section we are interested in learning more about you local development environment.

### Question 4

> **Explain how you managed dependencies in your project? Explain the process a new team member would have to go**
> **through to get an exact copy of your environment.**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words
>
> Example:
> *We used ... for managing our dependencies. The list of dependencies was auto-generated using ... . To get a*
> *complete copy of our development enviroment, one would have to run the following commands*
>
> Answer:

The requirements.txt file in the root folder of the repository is generated with **pipreqs**. Certain packages that were necessary for the command-line were manually added, specifically **dvc**, **dvc[gdrive]** and **wandb**. The Python environment can be recreated by running *pip install -r requirements.txt*

### Question 5

> **We expect that you initialized your project using the cookiecutter template. Explain the overall structure of your**
> **code. Did you fill out every folder or only a subset?**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words
>
> Example:
> *From the cookiecutter template we have filled out the ... , ... and ... folder. We have removed the ... folder*
> *because we did not use any ... in our project. We have added an ... folder that contains ... for running our*
> *experiments.*
> Answer:

We used the cookiecutter template and placed our scripts in src. We placed raw data in data/raw and processed data in data/processed. We had one jupyter notebook for visualising data, which was placed in the notebooks folder. Also the pre-generated Makefile was very useful and was changed to include dvc

### Question 6

> **Did you implement any rules for code quality and format? Additionally, explain with your own words why these**
> **concepts matters in larger projects.**
>
> Answer length: 50-100 words.
>
> Answer:

We did not focus on it for a project of this time-scale, but for larger projects where code needs to be shared and handed over to a higher extent, general rules and practices can make this a lot easier.

## Version control

> In the following section we are interested in how version control was used in your project during development to
> corporate and increase the quality of your code.

### Question 7

> **How many tests did you implement?**
>
> Answer:

--- question 7 fill here ---

### Question 8

> **What is the total code coverage (in percentage) of your code? If you code had an code coverage of 100% (or close**
> **to), would you still trust it to be error free? Explain you reasoning.**
>
> **Answer length: 100-200 words.**
>
> Example:
> *The total code coverage of code is X%, which includes all our source code. We are far from 100% coverage of our **
> *code and even if we were then...*
>
> Answer:

--- question 8 fill here ---

### Question 9

> **Did you workflow include using branches and pull requests? If yes, explain how. If not, explain how branches and**
> **pull request can help improve version control.**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *We made use of both branches and PRs in our project. In our group, each member had an branch that they worked on in*
> *addition to the main branch. To merge code we ...*
>
> Answer:

Every time a new feature was being built, it was made on a branch. We had many branches in this project; *model, data_processing, docker, tests, etc.*. When a feature was completed and tested, we did pull requests and merged into main. Frequent commits made it easier to find out when a feature was not working as expected on main, specifically when multiple branches were merged.

### Question 10

> **Did you use DVC for managing data in your project? If yes, then how did it improve your project to have version**
> **control of your data. If no, explain a case where it would be beneficial to have version control of your data.**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *We did make use of DVC in the following way: ... . In the end it helped us in ... for controlling ... part of our*
> *pipeline*
>
> Answer:

We used dvc to be able to pull the data from another storage than GitHub. We used dvc also to have multiple versions of the dataset, one version with only raw data, one with processed data also and one version with an expanded dataset of 25k additional images.

### Question 11

> **Discuss you continues integration setup. What kind of CI are you running (unittesting, linting, etc.)? Do you test**
> **multiple operating systems, python version etc. Do you make use of caching? Feel free to insert a link to one of**
> **your github actions workflow.**
>
> Answer length: 200-300 words.
>
> Example:
> *We have organized our CI into 3 separate files: one for doing ..., one for running ... testing and one for running*
> *... . In particular for our ..., we used ... .An example of a triggered workflow can be seen here: <weblink>*
>
> Answer:

--- question 11 fill here ---

## Running code and tracking experiments

> In the following section we are interested in learning more about the experimental setup for running your code and
> especially the reproducibility of your experiments.

### Question 12

> **How did you configure experiments? Did you make use of config files? Explain with coding examples of how you would**
> **run a experiment.**
>
> Answer length: 50-100 words.
>
> Example:
> *We used a simple argparser, that worked in the following way: python my_script.py --lr 1e-3 --batch_size 25*
>
> Answer:

We used a simple argparser for the training script which worked in the following way: python train_model.py -lr 1e-4 -bs 16 -e 5 -o Adam -pt True. The arguments are explained in the README.MD in the root foolder.

### Question 13

> **Reproducibility of experiments are important. Related to the last question, how did you secure that no information**
> **is lost when running experiments and that your experiments are reproducible?**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *We made use of config files. Whenever an experiment is run the following happens: ... . To reproduce an experiment*
> *one would have to do ...*
>
> Answer:

We used Hydra and created configuration files for a setup of 6 different experiments. These config files can be seen in the branch hydra2 in the config folder. First we got some errors with pathing, as Hydra resets the working directory. When we fixed that, for some reason, our model gave us matrix multiplication errors, and at this point we couldn't afford to commit more hours to Hydra, so we had to use argparser and a good old notepad.

### Question 14

> **Upload 1 to 3 screenshots that show the experiments that you have done in W&B (or another experiment tracking**
> **service of your choice). This may include loss graphs, logged images, hyperparameter sweeps etc. You can take**
> **inspiration from [this figure](figures/wandb.png). Explain what metrics you are tracking and why they are**
> **important.**
>
> Answer length: 200-300 words + 1 to 3 screenshots.
>
> Example:
> *As seen in the first image when have tracked ... and ... which both inform us about ... in our experiments.*
> *As seen in the second image we are also tracking ... and ...*
>
> Answer:

We added wandb run tracking to the training script train_model.py. When a training experiment is run, it logs the arguments that were parsed: pretrained model, learning rate, batch size, epochs and optimizer, as seen in the screenshot below
![wandb_args](figures/wandb_args.png)
After each epoch it automatically logs the average training loss, average validation loss and test accuracy as shown in the screenshot below
![wandb_performane](figures/wandb_performance.png)
It also shows you a sample of some processed images that were used in the validation
![wandb_inputs](figures/wandb_inputs.png) 

### Question 15

> **Docker is an important tool for creating containerized applications. Explain how you used docker in your**
> **experiments? Include how you would run your docker images and include a link to one of your docker files.**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *For our project we developed several images: one for training, inference and deployment. For example to run the*
> *training docker image: `docker run trainer:latest lr=1e-3 batch_size=64`. Link to docker file: <weblink>*
>
> Answer:

We made a docker image for training the model and reporting to wandb. The docker image can be built from trainer.dockerfile in the root repository, and arguments can be passed when running it. It has to be run by *wandb docker-run (image) (args)*

### Question 16

> **When running into bugs while trying to run your experiments, how did you perform debugging? Additionally, did you**
> **try to profile your code or do you think it is already perfect?**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *Debugging method was dependent on group member. Some just used ... and others used ... . We did a single profiling*
> *run of our main code at some point that showed ...*
>
> Answer:

Debugging was dependent on each group member's preferences. Some used print statements and ran the entire code, others used the debugger. The most tedious part was waiting for a docker build or a complete cloud training run to find an error. We did not profile the code, although this could perhaps show some areas where we could improve the performance of the code.

## Working in the cloud

> In the following section we would like to know more about your experience when developing in the cloud.

### Question 17

> **List all the GCP services that you made use of in your project and shortly explain what each service does?**
>
> Answer length: 50-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *We used the following two services: Engine and Bucket. Engine is used for... and Bucket is used for...*
>
> Answer:

--- question 17 fill here ---

### Question 18

> **The backbone of GCP is the Compute engine. Explained how you made use of this service and what type of VMs**
> **you used?**
>
> Answer length: 50-100 words.
>
> Example:
> *We used the compute engine to run our ... . We used instances with the following hardware: ... and we started the*
> *using a custom container: ...*
>
> Answer:

--- question 18 fill here ---

### Question 19

> **Insert 1-2 images of your GCP bucket, such that we can see what data you have stored in it.**
> **You can take inspiration from [this figure](figures/bucket.png).**
>
> Answer:

--- question 19 fill here ---

### Question 20

> **Upload one image of your GCP container registry, such that we can see the different images that you have stored.**
> **You can take inspiration from [this figure](figures/registry.png).**
>
> Answer:

--- question 20 fill here ---

### Question 21

> **Upload one image of your GCP cloud build history, so we can see the history of the images that have been build in**
> **your project. You can take inspiration from [this figure](figures/build.png).**
>
> Answer:

--- question 21 fill here ---

### Question 22

> **Did you manage to deploy your model, either in locally or cloud? If not, describe why. If yes, describe how and**
> **preferably how you invoke your deployed service?**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *For deployment we wrapped our model into application using ... . We first tried locally serving the model, which*
> *worked. Afterwards we deployed it in the cloud, using ... . To invoke the service an user would call*
> *`curl -X POST -F "file=@file.json"<weburl>`*
>
> Answer:

--- question 22 fill here ---

### Question 23

> **Did you manage to implement monitoring of your deployed model? If yes, explain how it works. If not, explain how**
> **monitoring would help the longevity of your application.**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *We did not manage to implement monitoring. We would like to have monitoring implemented such that over time we could*
> *measure ... and ... that would inform us about this ... behaviour of our application.*
>
> Answer:

We did not manage to implement monitoring. One concern for machine learning is data drift. In our case, it may be the case that new dog races are being bred, and we do not currently know how they might look or if they may be compatible with our model. We could try to predict it, but that may not be possible: [MEME ALERT](https://i.imgur.com/VsPBPOi.jpeg)

### Question 24

> **How many credits did you end up using during the project and what service was most expensive?**
>
> Answer length: 25-100 words.
>
> Example:
> *Group member 1 used ..., Group member 2 used ..., in total ... credits was spend during development. The service*
> *costing the most was ... due to ...*
>
> Answer:

--- question 24 fill here ---

## Overall discussion of project

> In the following section we would like you to think about the general structure of your project.

### Question 25

> **Include a figure that describes the overall architecture of your system and what services that you make use of.**
> **You can take inspiration from [this figure](figures/overview.png). Additionally in your own words, explain the**
> **overall steps in figure.**
>
> Answer length: 200-400 words
>
> Example:
> *
> *The starting point of the diagram is our local setup, where we integrated ... and ... and ... into our code.*
> *Whenever we commit code and puch to github, it auto triggers ... and ... . From there the diagram shows ...*
>
> Answer:

--- question 25 fill here ---

### Question 26

> **Discuss the overall struggles of the project. Where did you spend most time and what did you do to overcome these**
> **challenges?**
>
> Answer length: 200-400 words.
>
> Example:
> *The biggest challenges in the project was using ... tool to do ... . The reason for this was ...*
>
> Answer:

--- question 26 fill here ---

### Question 27

> **State the individual contributions of each team member. This is required information from DTU, because we need to**
> **make sure all members contributed actively to the project**
>
> Answer length: 50-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *Student sXXXXXX was in charge of developing of setting up the initial cookie cutter project and developing of the*
> *docker containers for training our applications.*
> *Student sXXXXXX was in charge of training our models in the cloud and deploying them afterwards.*
> *All members contributed to code by...*
>
> Answer:

- s213470, Jakob Ryttergaard Poulsen: cookie cutter, model, training script, evaluation script, docker training file, wandb, hydra, dvc
- s213804,
- s220425,
- s213558,
- s204476,

Commit message:

added answers and architecture model

reports/README.md, after:

---
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# Exam template for 02476 Machine Learning Operations

This is the report template for the exam. Please only remove the text formatted as with three dashes in front and behind
like:

```--- question 1 fill here ---```

where you instead should add your answers. Any other changes may have unwanted consequences when your report is auto
generated in the end of the course. For questions where you are asked to include images, start by adding the image to
the `figures` subfolder (please only use `.png`, `.jpg` or `.jpeg`) and then add the following code in your answer:

```markdown
![my_image](figures/<image>.<extension>)
```

In addition to this markdown file, we also provide the `report.py` script that provides two utility functions:

Running:

```bash
python report.py html
```

will generate an `.html` page of your report. After deadline for answering this template, we will autoscrape
everything in this `reports` folder and then use this utility to generate an `.html` page that will be your serve
as your final handin.

Running

```bash
python report.py check
```

will check your answers in this template against the constrains listed for each question e.g. is your answer too
short, too long, have you included an image when asked to.

For both functions to work it is important that you do not rename anything. The script have two dependencies that can
be installed with `pip install click markdown`.

## Group information

### Question 1
> **Enter the group number you signed up on <learn.inside.dtu.dk>**
>
> Answer:

Group 29

### Question 2
> **Enter the study number for each member in the group**
>
> Example:
>
> *sXXXXXX, sXXXXXX, sXXXXXX*
>
> Answer:

s213470, s213804, s220425, s213558, s204476

### Question 3
> **What framework did you choose to work with and did it help you complete the project?**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *We used the third-party framework ... in our project. We used functionality ... and functionality ... from the*
> *package to do ... and ... in our project*.
>
> Answer:

We used PyTorch to create a bare-bones CNN model, and to import a pretrained ResNet50 model. We also used PyTorch for image processing, tensor manipulation and dataloading.

## Coding environment

> In the following section we are interested in learning more about you local development environment.

### Question 4

> **Explain how you managed dependencies in your project? Explain the process a new team member would have to go**
> **through to get an exact copy of your environment.**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words
>
> Example:
> *We used ... for managing our dependencies. The list of dependencies was auto-generated using ... . To get a*
> *complete copy of our development enviroment, one would have to run the following commands*
>
> Answer:

The requirements.txt file in the root folder of the repository is generated with **pipreqs**. Certain packages that were necessary for the command-line were manually added, specifically **dvc**, **dvc[gdrive]** and **wandb**. The Python environment can be recreated by running *pip install -r requirements.txt*

### Question 5

> **We expect that you initialized your project using the cookiecutter template. Explain the overall structure of your**
> **code. Did you fill out every folder or only a subset?**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words
>
> Example:
> *From the cookiecutter template we have filled out the ... , ... and ... folder. We have removed the ... folder*
> *because we did not use any ... in our project. We have added an ... folder that contains ... for running our*
> *experiments.*
> Answer:

We used the cookiecutter template and placed our scripts in src. We placed raw data in data/raw and processed data in data/processed. We had one jupyter notebook for visualising data, which was placed in the notebooks folder. Also the pre-generated Makefile was very useful and was changed to include dvc

### Question 6

> **Did you implement any rules for code quality and format? Additionally, explain with your own words why these**
> **concepts matters in larger projects.**
>
> Answer length: 50-100 words.
>
> Answer:

We did not focus on it for a project of this time-scale, but for larger projects where code needs to be shared and handed over to a higher extent, general rules and practices can make this a lot easier.

## Version control

> In the following section we are interested in how version control was used in your project during development to
> corporate and increase the quality of your code.

### Question 7

> **How many tests did you implement?**
>
> Answer:

--- question 7 fill here ---

### Question 8

> **What is the total code coverage (in percentage) of your code? If you code had an code coverage of 100% (or close**
> **to), would you still trust it to be error free? Explain you reasoning.**
>
> **Answer length: 100-200 words.**
>
> Example:
> *The total code coverage of code is X%, which includes all our source code. We are far from 100% coverage of our **
> *code and even if we were then...*
>
> Answer:

--- question 8 fill here ---

### Question 9

> **Did you workflow include using branches and pull requests? If yes, explain how. If not, explain how branches and**
> **pull request can help improve version control.**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *We made use of both branches and PRs in our project. In our group, each member had an branch that they worked on in*
> *addition to the main branch. To merge code we ...*
>
> Answer:

Every time a new feature was being built, it was made on a branch. We had many branches in this project; *model, data_processing, docker, tests, etc.*. When a feature was completed and tested, we did pull requests and merged into main. Frequent commits made it easier to find out when a feature was not working as expected on main, specifically when multiple branches were merged.

### Question 10

> **Did you use DVC for managing data in your project? If yes, then how did it improve your project to have version**
> **control of your data. If no, explain a case where it would be beneficial to have version control of your data.**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *We did make use of DVC in the following way: ... . In the end it helped us in ... for controlling ... part of our*
> *pipeline*
>
> Answer:

We used dvc to be able to pull the data from another storage than GitHub. We used dvc also to have multiple versions of the dataset, one version with only raw data, one with processed data also and one version with an expanded dataset of 25k additional images.

### Question 11

> **Discuss you continues integration setup. What kind of CI are you running (unittesting, linting, etc.)? Do you test**
> **multiple operating systems, python version etc. Do you make use of caching? Feel free to insert a link to one of**
> **your github actions workflow.**
>
> Answer length: 200-300 words.
>
> Example:
> *We have organized our CI into 3 separate files: one for doing ..., one for running ... testing and one for running*
> *... . In particular for our ..., we used ... .An example of a triggered workflow can be seen here: <weblink>*
>
> Answer:

--- question 11 fill here ---

## Running code and tracking experiments

> In the following section we are interested in learning more about the experimental setup for running your code and
> especially the reproducibility of your experiments.

### Question 12

> **How did you configure experiments? Did you make use of config files? Explain with coding examples of how you would**
> **run a experiment.**
>
> Answer length: 50-100 words.
>
> Example:
> *We used a simple argparser, that worked in the following way: python my_script.py --lr 1e-3 --batch_size 25*
>
> Answer:

We used a simple argparser for the training script which worked in the following way: python train_model.py -lr 1e-4 -bs 16 -e 5 -o Adam -pt True. The arguments are explained in the README.MD in the root foolder.

### Question 13

> **Reproducibility of experiments are important. Related to the last question, how did you secure that no information**
> **is lost when running experiments and that your experiments are reproducible?**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *We made use of config files. Whenever an experiment is run the following happens: ... . To reproduce an experiment*
> *one would have to do ...*
>
> Answer:

We used Hydra and created configuration files for a setup of 6 different experiments. These config files can be seen in the branch hydra2 in the config folder. First we got some errors with pathing, as Hydra resets the working directory. When we fixed that, for some reason, our model gave us matrix multiplication errors, and at this point we couldn't afford to commit more hours to Hydra, so we had to use argparser and a good old notepad.

### Question 14

> **Upload 1 to 3 screenshots that show the experiments that you have done in W&B (or another experiment tracking**
> **service of your choice). This may include loss graphs, logged images, hyperparameter sweeps etc. You can take**
> **inspiration from [this figure](figures/wandb.png). Explain what metrics you are tracking and why they are**
> **important.**
>
> Answer length: 200-300 words + 1 to 3 screenshots.
>
> Example:
> *As seen in the first image when have tracked ... and ... which both inform us about ... in our experiments.*
> *As seen in the second image we are also tracking ... and ...*
>
> Answer:

We added wandb run tracking to the training script train_model.py. When a training experiment is run, it logs the arguments that were parsed: pretrained model, learning rate, batch size, epochs and optimizer, as seen in the screenshot below
![wandb_args](figures/wandb_args.png)
After each epoch it automatically logs the average training loss, average validation loss and test accuracy as shown in the screenshot below
![wandb_performane](figures/wandb_performance.png)
It also shows you a sample of some processed images that were used in the validation
![wandb_inputs](figures/wandb_inputs.png) 

### Question 15

> **Docker is an important tool for creating containerized applications. Explain how you used docker in your**
> **experiments? Include how you would run your docker images and include a link to one of your docker files.**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *For our project we developed several images: one for training, inference and deployment. For example to run the*
> *training docker image: `docker run trainer:latest lr=1e-3 batch_size=64`. Link to docker file: <weblink>*
>
> Answer:

We made a docker image for training the model and reporting to wandb. The docker image can be built from trainer.dockerfile in the root repository, and arguments can be passed when running it. It has to be run by *wandb docker-run (image) (args)*

### Question 16

> **When running into bugs while trying to run your experiments, how did you perform debugging? Additionally, did you**
> **try to profile your code or do you think it is already perfect?**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *Debugging method was dependent on group member. Some just used ... and others used ... . We did a single profiling*
> *run of our main code at some point that showed ...*
>
> Answer:

Debugging was dependent on each group member's preferences. Some used print statements and ran the entire code, others used the debugger. The most tedious part was waiting for a docker build or a complete cloud training run to find an error. We did not profile the code, although this could perhaps show some areas where we could improve the performance of the code.

## Working in the cloud

> In the following section we would like to know more about your experience when developing in the cloud.

### Question 17

> **List all the GCP services that you made use of in your project and shortly explain what each service does?**
>
> Answer length: 50-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *We used the following two services: Engine and Bucket. Engine is used for... and Bucket is used for...*
>
> Answer:

--- question 17 fill here ---

### Question 18

> **The backbone of GCP is the Compute engine. Explained how you made use of this service and what type of VMs**
> **you used?**
>
> Answer length: 50-100 words.
>
> Example:
> *We used the compute engine to run our ... . We used instances with the following hardware: ... and we started the*
> *using a custom container: ...*
>
> Answer:

--- question 18 fill here ---

### Question 19

> **Insert 1-2 images of your GCP bucket, such that we can see what data you have stored in it.**
> **You can take inspiration from [this figure](figures/bucket.png).**
>
> Answer:

--- question 19 fill here ---

### Question 20

> **Upload one image of your GCP container registry, such that we can see the different images that you have stored.**
> **You can take inspiration from [this figure](figures/registry.png).**
>
> Answer:

--- question 20 fill here ---

### Question 21

> **Upload one image of your GCP cloud build history, so we can see the history of the images that have been build in**
> **your project. You can take inspiration from [this figure](figures/build.png).**
>
> Answer:

--- question 21 fill here ---

### Question 22

> **Did you manage to deploy your model, either in locally or cloud? If not, describe why. If yes, describe how and**
> **preferably how you invoke your deployed service?**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *For deployment we wrapped our model into application using ... . We first tried locally serving the model, which*
> *worked. Afterwards we deployed it in the cloud, using ... . To invoke the service an user would call*
> *`curl -X POST -F "file=@file.json"<weburl>`*
>
> Answer:

--- question 22 fill here ---

### Question 23

> **Did you manage to implement monitoring of your deployed model? If yes, explain how it works. If not, explain how**
> **monitoring would help the longevity of your application.**
>
> Answer length: 100-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *We did not manage to implement monitoring. We would like to have monitoring implemented such that over time we could*
> *measure ... and ... that would inform us about this ... behaviour of our application.*
>
> Answer:

We did not manage to implement monitoring. One concern for machine learning is data drift. In our case, it may be the case that new dog races are being bred, and we do not currently know how they might look or if they may be compatible with our model. We could try to predict it, but that may not be possible: [MEME ALERT](https://i.imgur.com/VsPBPOi.jpeg)

### Question 24

> **How many credits did you end up using during the project and what service was most expensive?**
>
> Answer length: 25-100 words.
>
> Example:
> *Group member 1 used ..., Group member 2 used ..., in total ... credits was spend during development. The service*
> *costing the most was ... due to ...*
>
> Answer:

--- question 24 fill here ---

## Overall discussion of project

> In the following section we would like you to think about the general structure of your project.

### Question 25

> **Include a figure that describes the overall architecture of your system and what services that you make use of.**
> **You can take inspiration from [this figure](figures/overview.png). Additionally in your own words, explain the**
> **overall steps in figure.**
>
> Answer length: 200-400 words
>
> Example:
> *
> *The starting point of the diagram is our local setup, where we integrated ... and ... and ... into our code.*
> *Whenever we commit code and puch to github, it auto triggers ... and ... . From there the diagram shows ...*
>
> Answer:

The figure below shows the architecture of the setup. We have a developer input. When local changes are pushed to github, Github actions will run our test setup. Then a GCP trigger will start the cloud setup, which will build a docker file for training, train the model, save it in a GCP bucket and deploy it with fast.api. An end user can then query the model through fast.api, to get predictions.
[Architecture](figures/architecture.png)

### Question 26

> **Discuss the overall struggles of the project. Where did you spend most time and what did you do to overcome these**
> **challenges?**
>
> Answer length: 200-400 words.
>
> Example:
> *The biggest challenges in the project was using ... tool to do ... . The reason for this was ...*
>
> Answer:

One challenge was making sure that all scripts were continuing to function as intended after new features were implemented. Having a solid testing environment set up at the beginning could potentially have solved many of these issues. Another challenge was whenever the code had to be executed in different environments - from docker containers or from the cloud, and solving any unforeseen issues that did not appear on a local build.

### Question 27

> **State the individual contributions of each team member. This is required information from DTU, because we need to**
> **make sure all members contributed actively to the project**
>
> Answer length: 50-200 words.
>
> Example:
> *Student sXXXXXX was in charge of developing of setting up the initial cookie cutter project and developing of the*
> *docker containers for training our applications.*
> *Student sXXXXXX was in charge of training our models in the cloud and deploying them afterwards.*
> *All members contributed to code by...*
>
> Answer:

- s213470, Jakob Ryttergaard Poulsen: cookie cutter, model, training script, evaluation script, docker training file, wandb, hydra, dvc
- s213804,
- s220425,
- s213558,
- s204476,
